<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html" template="/resources/scaffold/mainTemplate.xhtml">
	<ui:param name="pageTitle" value="Governance | JBoss Forge" />
	<ui:define name="main">
		<!-- Intro -->
		<div class="row">
			<div class="col-sm-12">
				<h1 class="margin-100">Governance</h1>
			</div>
		</div>

		<!-- Governance items -->
		<div class="row text-left">
			<div class="col-sm-12">
				<h3>Stewardship</h3>
				<p>This project is developed and released by Red Hat with assistance from the Java developer community. The
					project lead is appointed by Red Hat, and has the power to accept and reject contributions to the project and set
					the roadmap. Red Hat employees assigned to work on Forge as well as community contributors, in this regard, all
					answer to the project lead.</p>
			</div>
		</div>
		<div class="row text-left">
			<div class="col-sm-12">
				<h3>Requirement Definition</h3>
				<p>The requirements and roadmap for JBoss Forge are driven by Red Hat and by the community. Typically, when a
					major release is being planned, the project lead will take input from both Red Hat and the community, and evaluate
					what can be done in the necessary time. This will define what features will be addressed in a given release. The
					project lead will then publish the roadmap on the developers mailing list, and update the version information in
					JIRA. All requirements are fed into the same community process that our community users follow. We create JIRAs for
					all feature requests on our schedule. The best way for you to suggest requirements for a future release of Forge is
					to enter a feature request in JIRA. Lobbying for features using the voting feature in JIRA, and posting to the
					community forums, is a great way to express interest as well. Although, contributing is the single most expedient
					way to get a capability into a particular release.</p>
			</div>
		</div>
		<div class="row text-left">
			<div class="col-sm-12">
				<h3>Release Cycle</h3>
				<p>Forge releases frequently on a monthly-basis and provide a nightly build for those that wish to be on the
					bleeding edge.</p>
			</div>
		</div>
		<div class="row text-left">
			<div class="col-sm-12">
				<h3>Contribution</h3>
				<p>
					Forge welcomes, thrives on and greatly values community contribution. Please see our
					<h:link outcome="/community">Community</h:link>
					page for more information on how to contribute to Forge.
				</p>
			</div>
		</div>
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>